---
title: "About Me"
date: 2025-06-07
description: My life experience, career experience, and interests and hobbies!
---

Hey there! You just stumbled upon my website! This is the about me section, where hopefully by the end of reading it, you should be familiar with who I am as a person, as well as my personal and professional achievements.

To start, my name is Razi Messinger, I’m a senior year University of Toronto Computer Science student. I’m also passionate about Mathematics and especially Philosophy! In my free time, you’ll find me attending parties, social gatherings, and generally just trying to network with peers and people with the same passions as me.

Some of my favourite passions are photography (with a real camera for that tactile experience) as well as rock climbing, hiking on new trails and virtual reality! Basically, I love fully immersive experiences that allow me to take the focus and stress of the day-to-day life and just enjoy the experience. I also love chatting and meeting new people!

When it comes to my professional life, my first job was a sales job. I used to sell phones and data plans at a wireless phone kiosk. I exceeded expectations and even worked as an assistant sales manager. At UofT, I participated in a coop program, and completed 6 months at Garner Distributed Systems where I honed my full-stack skillset, working with JavaScript, HTML, CSS, an Angular framework - and collaborating with Project Managers and a small (six developers total) team to produce robust, scalable, and modular code with the Test-Driven design principles as well as OOP and Agile Methodology framework.

I am seeking a new coop role in Technology in Toronto! Whether it be fin-tech or Software Engineering; or Project Management or Product Management. I am seeking a role that truly maximizes my skillset (people and problem solving) to deliver results and be able to grow with the company I’m working for.

Thank you for taking the time to read the About Me section! Feel free to check out my other posts, including ‘Virtual Timeline’ where I highlight my thoughts about the future of Virtual Reality and AI.

Cheers! -Razi

