---
title: "Razi Blog"
date: 2025-06-08
description:
---

Hi everybody! Today I want to talk about the things I am most passionate about! Starting with Virtual Reality. 
The future is here, Oculus was bought by Meta (formerly known as facebook) and they made the Meta Quest 3 Headset. 
Afterwards, Meta had the largest share in Virtual Reality markets in terms of headset use and in terms of apps created.
Apple even announced the Apple Vision Pro (which at the time of announcement was unprecedented considering their focus on iPhones and Macbooks as their sales.).
Anyway, I've always been interested in Virtual Reality ever since the release of the great Half-Life Alyx game! Released by Valve Software all the way back in march 2020 right at start of the pandemic; this game created a monumental shift in the Virtual Reality landscale and made developement for VR software skyrocket aftwards. The release of Alyx, as well as varius Meta Quest games - most notably 'Beat-Sabour'; which allows you to use virtual light-sabours to slice blocks in a pattern while your favorite music is playing - made VR popularity soar.

Overall, with the advent of Artificial Intelligence, VR is still the future of entertainment and productivity technologies - although with Artificial General Intelligence (AGI) right around the corner, the next 5 years of technology innovations and market for ultra-realistic worlds and experiences is unclear. The future looks bright though! I cannot wait to see what happens in the next few years, as I am sure Virtual Reality adoptation will skyrocket especially once the economy and markets recover from the post-COVID recession.
